Update the docs (#23)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.dynamodbstreams: README.md

3. Generate access key ID and secret access key

* Once the user is created, you will see a success message. Navigate to the "Users" tab, and select the user you created.

   <img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.dynamodbstreams/main/docs/setup/resources/view-user.png alt="View User" width="50%">

* Click on the "Create access key" button to generate the access key ID and secret access key.

   <img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.dynamodbstreams/main/docs/setup/resources/create-access-key.png alt="Create access key" width="50%">

* Follow the steps and download the CSV file containing the credentials.

   <img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.dynamodbstreams/main/docs/setup/resources/download-access-key.png alt="Download credentials" width="50%">

## Quickstart

To use the `dynamodbstreams` connector in your Ballerina application, modify the `.bal` file as follows:

> ### Step 1: Import the connector
> 
> Import the `ballerinax/aws.dynamodbstreams` package into your Ballerina project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Import the module

Import the `ballerinax/aws.dynamodbstreams` module into your Ballerina project.
```
